java c
BUSN8066 S22024 Assignment 02Task 3. Reimbursement calculation method (21 marks in total: 15 marks for the explanation and interpretation of the various analyses; 6 marks for visualizations)Part I (5 marks for the report)Required:Fixed-rate reimbursement plans can be implemented in various ways. For example, plans can use a single rate for the entire company, or different rates based on different factors (e.g., employee position, office location, time of day). Prepare a report that addresses the following:a) the different factors that would be valuable in evaluating the various fixed-rate reimbursement plans.b) the pros and cons of using different factors to determine the fixed-rate reimbursement plan in general.c) the pros and cons of using each of the specific factors you noted.d) the criteria and considerations that the company can use to decide whether to use a fixed-rate reimbursement plan or not?e) if the company chooses to use a fixed-rate reimbursement plan, how should it decide what the rate should be?You should include references to support their ideas.Part II (16 marks in total: 10 marks for the explanation and interpretation of the various analyses; 6 marks for visualizations)RequiredPrepare a memo for Mr. Wang that contains a clear recommendation about what to do related to the travel expense reimbursement. Your recommendation should be supported with data from the following dashboards.a) Dashboard 1: this dashboard shoul代 写BUSN8066 S2 2024 Assignment 02 Task 3. Reimbursement calculation methodSQL
代做程序编程语言d report how the office location, employee role and time of day influenced reimbursement costs in the past. Use the current travel expense reimbursement data to analyze these factors. (4 marks for the explanation and interpretation of the analysis; 2 marks for the visualization)b) Dashboard 2: this dashboard should examine how offices and employees would be influenced by changes in the reimbursement rate. This dashboard should be dynamic (i.e., use dynamic parameters) so if the CFO wants to, he can change the reimbursement rate and see how the analyses change. Include calculations that show the difference between expenses incurred using the current travel expense reimbursement plan and potential flat-rate reimbursements. This dashboard should show how the costs per each office are affected by different reimbursement rates and how each individual employee will be affected by the changes. (6 marks for the explanation and interpretation of the analysis; 4 marks for the visualizations – 2 marks for each of the 2 visualizations for Dashboard 2)Figure S3_a. An evaluation of reimbursement costsYou should try at least two reimbursement rates (preferably one greater than the average and one lower than the average) and discuss your findings.Figure S3_b1. Comparison of projected and actual total reimbursement costs
Figure S3_b2. Comparison of projected and actual total reimbursement costs per employee

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
